README.md, before:

# ndt_omp
This package provides an OpenMP-boosted Normal Distributions Transform (and GICP) algorithm derived from pcl. The NDT algorithm is modified to be SSE-friendly and multi-threaded. It can run up to 10 times faster than its original version in pcl.

[![Build](https://github.com/koide3/ndt_omp/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/koide3/ndt_omp/actions/workflows/build.yml)

### Benchmark (on Core i7-6700K)
```
$ roscd ndt_omp/data
$ rosrun ndt_omp align 251370668.pcd 251371071.pcd
--- pcl::NDT ---
single : 282.222[msec]
10times: 2921.92[msec]
fitness: 0.213937

--- pclomp::NDT (KDTREE, 1 threads) ---
single : 207.697[msec]
10times: 2059.19[msec]
fitness: 0.213937

--- pclomp::NDT (DIRECT7, 1 threads) ---
single : 139.433[msec]
10times: 1356.79[msec]
fitness: 0.214205

--- pclomp::NDT (DIRECT1, 1 threads) ---
single : 34.6418[msec]
10times: 317.03[msec]
fitness: 0.208511

--- pclomp::NDT (KDTREE, 8 threads) ---
single : 54.9903[msec]
10times: 500.51[msec]
fitness: 0.213937

--- pclomp::NDT (DIRECT7, 8 threads) ---
single : 63.1442[msec]
10times: 343.336[msec]
fitness: 0.214205

--- pclomp::NDT (DIRECT1, 8 threads) ---
single : 17.2353[msec]
10times: 100.025[msec]
fitness: 0.208511
```

Several methods for neighbor voxel search are implemented. If you select pclomp::KDTREE, results will be completely same as the original pcl::NDT. We recommend to use pclomp::DIRECT7 which is faster and stable. If you need extremely fast registration, choose pclomp::DIRECT1, but it might be a bit unstable.

<img src="data/screenshot.png" height="400pix" /><br>
Red: target, Green: source, Blue: aligned

## Related packages
- [ndt_omp](https://github.com/koide3/ndt_omp)
- [fast_gicp](https://github.com/SMRT-AIST/fast_gicp)

Commit message:

feat(ndt_omp): add multigrid_ndt_omp for dynamic map loading  (#19)
* just create multigrid_pclomp for new pclomp

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* working

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* now works

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* add default setInputTarget interface

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* some updates

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* remove registration_without_tree

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* update cmakelists.txt

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* update filenames

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* update readme

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* update readme

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* reduce redundant copy

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* reflected comments with some minor fix

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* remove unnecessary comments

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* address unnecessary diffs

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* address some diffs between multigrid_pclomp and pclomp

* minor change around LeafID

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* modify variable name

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* remove leaf_indices from VoxelGridInfo

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* removed voxel_centroids, but scan matcher fails when receiving map

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* now working

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* remove unnecessary comments

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* remove searchable_

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

* update license

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

Signed-off-by: kminoda <koji.minoda@tier4.jp>

README.md, after:

# ndt_omp
This package provides an OpenMP-boosted Normal Distributions Transform (and GICP) algorithm derived from pcl. The NDT algorithm is modified to be SSE-friendly and multi-threaded. It can run up to 10 times faster than its original version in pcl.

# multigrid ndt_omp
TIER IV has developed an extended version of `ndt_omp` for dynamic map loading functionality.
The difference from the `ndt_omp` is as follows:
- Instead of `setInputTarget` interface, `multigrid_ndt_omp` provides `addTarget` and `removeTarget` for more flexible target inputs.
- Only `RadiusSearch` is supported as a search method (`getNeighborhoodAtPointX` methods are disabled).

[![Build](https://github.com/koide3/ndt_omp/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/koide3/ndt_omp/actions/workflows/build.yml)

### Benchmark (on Core i7-6700K)
```
$ roscd ndt_omp/data
$ rosrun ndt_omp align 251370668.pcd 251371071.pcd
--- pcl::NDT ---
single : 282.222[msec]
10times: 2921.92[msec]
fitness: 0.213937

--- pclomp::NDT (KDTREE, 1 threads) ---
single : 207.697[msec]
10times: 2059.19[msec]
fitness: 0.213937

--- pclomp::NDT (DIRECT7, 1 threads) ---
single : 139.433[msec]
10times: 1356.79[msec]
fitness: 0.214205

--- pclomp::NDT (DIRECT1, 1 threads) ---
single : 34.6418[msec]
10times: 317.03[msec]
fitness: 0.208511

--- pclomp::NDT (KDTREE, 8 threads) ---
single : 54.9903[msec]
10times: 500.51[msec]
fitness: 0.213937

--- pclomp::NDT (DIRECT7, 8 threads) ---
single : 63.1442[msec]
10times: 343.336[msec]
fitness: 0.214205

--- pclomp::NDT (DIRECT1, 8 threads) ---
single : 17.2353[msec]
10times: 100.025[msec]
fitness: 0.208511
```

Several methods for neighbor voxel search are implemented. If you select pclomp::KDTREE, results will be completely same as the original pcl::NDT. We recommend to use pclomp::DIRECT7 which is faster and stable. If you need extremely fast registration, choose pclomp::DIRECT1, but it might be a bit unstable.

<img src="data/screenshot.png" height="400pix" /><br>
Red: target, Green: source, Blue: aligned

## Related packages
- [ndt_omp](https://github.com/koide3/ndt_omp)
- [fast_gicp](https://github.com/SMRT-AIST/fast_gicp)
